Demos hub (#133)
PennyLaneAI/qml: demos_research.rst

 .. role:: html(raw)
   :format: html

Research
============

.. meta::
   :property="og:description": Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms using PennyLane and near-term quantum hardware.
   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/demos_card.png

Explore cutting-edge research using PennyLane in the demonstrations below. Every
demo here implements algorithms from either one or multiple papers. Explore a
variety of different explicit use-cases for quantum machine learning in the
`QML`_ section below or discover other variational quantum optimization

> algorithms under `Optimization`_.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this paragraph explains the difference between the two sections. However, I'm not 100% sure I can offer anything better... might be good to get @mariaschuld's thoughts here.

> algorithms under `Optimization`_.

Reviewer 2: Not a big thing, but the order they were mentioned in the text didn't match the order they are given below

Reviewer 2: Also maybe QML first as it might be of interest to a wider audience

    :figure: demonstrations/coherent_vqls/cvqls_zoom.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_coherent_vqls`
    :tags: autograd

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Optimizing measurement protocols with variational methods.
    :figure: demonstrations/quantum_metrology/illustration.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_quantum_metrology`
    :tags: cirq metrology autograd

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Learn about the variational quantum thermalizer algorithm, an extension of VQE.
    :figure: demonstrations/vqt/thumbnail.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_vqt`
    :tags: chemistry

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: VQE optimization using quantum natural gradient.
    :figure: demonstrations/vqe_qng/vqe_qng_thumbnail.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_vqe_qng`
    :tags: chemistry

:html:`</div></div><div style='clear:both'>`

QML
---

:html:`<div class="gallery-grid row">`

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Create a simple QGAN with Cirq and TensorFlow.
    :figure: demonstrations/QGAN/qgan3.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_QGAN`
    :tags: cirq tensorflow

.. customgalleryitem::

>     :tooltip: Fit one dimensional noisy data with a quantum neural network.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    :tooltip: Fit one-dimensional noisy data with a quantum neural network.
```

 .. role:: html(raw)
   :format: html

Research
============

.. meta::
   :property="og:description": Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms using PennyLane and near-term quantum hardware.
   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/demos_card.png

Explore cutting-edge research using PennyLane. The demonstrations below implement 
ideas from inspiring papers that investigate the training of quantum circuits. 

> You can find research that targets quantum machine learning in the `QML`_ section, 

Author: ```suggestion
You can find research that targets quantum machine learning in the `Quantum machine learning`_ section, 
```

> You can find research that targets quantum machine learning in the `Quantum machine learning`_ section, 

Author: Oh, my bad. Just updated the heading based on a last minute code review (it wasn't there before). Forgot to lengthen the underline.

or discover other variational quantum optimization algorithms under `Optimization`_.

.. raw:: html

    <link href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mdbootstrap/4.8.10/css/mdb.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

> QML

Author: ```suggestion
Quantum machine learning
```

 .. role:: html(raw)
   :format: html

Research
============

.. meta::
   :property="og:description": Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms using PennyLane and near-term quantum hardware.
   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/demos_card.png

> Explore cutting-edge research using PennyLane in the demonstrations below. Every
> demo here implements algorithms from either one or multiple papers. Explore a
> variety of different explicit use-cases for quantum machine learning in the
> `QML`_ section below or discover other variational quantum optimization
> algorithms under `Optimization`_.

Reviewer 4: Sounds good, I tried to edit it a bit:

```suggestion
Explore cutting-edge research using PennyLane. The demonstrations below implement 
ideas from inspiring papers that investigate the training of quantum circuits. 
You can find research that targets quantum machine learning in the `QML`_ section, 
or discover other variational quantum optimization algorithms under `Optimization`_.
```

.. raw:: html

    <link href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mdbootstrap/4.8.10/css/mdb.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

QML
---
Delve into the plethora of exciting research made by the scientific community in
quantum machine learning. Implement and run a vast array of different QML

> applications; either on your own local hardware, using simulators from Xanadu,

Reviewer 2: "On your own local hardware" made me think that users would need to buy a mini chip and take it home :laughing: 
How about "on your own computer"?

    :tags: pytorch

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Differentiate any qubit gate with the stochastic parameter-shift rule.
    :figure: demonstrations/stochastic_parameter_shift/stochastic_parameter_shift_thumbnail.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_stochastic_parameter_shift`
    :tags: autograd

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Using a quantum graph recurrent neural network to learn quantum dynamics.
    :figure: demonstrations/qgrnn/qgrnn_thumbnail.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/qgrnn`
    :tags: autograd

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Optimize a Quantum Optical Neural Network using NLopt.
    :figure: demonstrations/qonn/qonn_thumbnail.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/qonn`
    :tags: autograd photonics

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Understand the link between variational quantum models and Fourier series.
    :figure: demonstrations/expressivity_fourier_series/expressivity_thumbnail.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_expressivity_fourier_series`
    :tags: autograd

:html:`</div></div><div style='clear:both'>`

Optimization
------------
Here you will find other optimization demonstrations not strictly related to

> QML. Explore various different optimizers and applications such as the

Reviewer 2: The "not strictly related to" didn't read so well to me, maybe something like:
"Here you will find demonstrations showcasing quantum optimization"

============

.. meta::

>    :property="og:description": Implement papers that investigate the training of quantum circuits and explore cutting-edge research in quantum machine learning using PennyLane.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
   :property="og:description": Implementations of the latest cutting-edge ideas and research from quantum machine learning using PennyLane.
```
